README.md, before:

# Info 🏠
This is a website that displays Hypixel Housing information using the Hypixel API.

* Official instance: https://housing.luckyc.dev

# Installation

1. Get a Hypixel API key from https://developer.hypixel.net/dashboard
2. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (tested on v20.12.2 & npm v10.9.2 but should work on latest)
3. Clone this repo (`git clone https://github.com/luckycdev/housing.git`)
4. Inside of the cloned repos directory (`cd housing`), enter the server directory (`cd server`)
5. Inside of the server directory, run `npm init -y`, and then `npm install`
6. If you are using nginx, create a file in your sites-enabled directory with whatever your domain is, and use [this](https://pastebin.com/raw/0kdcVTg7) __as a reference__ -- you will need to change the lines with comments -- for certs you can use `sudo cerbot --nginx` (tested on nginx ubuntu v1.18.0 & certbot v4.0.0 but should work on latest)
7. Rename the file called `.env.example` in the server directory to `.env`
8. Open the file called `.env` in the server directory. Inside of this file, put your API key found in step 1. (Example contents: `API_KEY=df9sd6f798sd-sdfyse87f6sd-sd89f6sd9f-sd87f678sdf`)
9. To start the backend server, you will simply run `node server.js` inside of the server directory. I recommend you use something like screen to keep the server alive when you close out of your SSH.
<details>
<summary>screen tutorial</summary>

Install Screen `sudo apt install screen`
  
Create the screen `screen -S housing`

And then if you want to return to your screen, run `screen -r housing`

If you want to kill your screen, run `screen -X -S housing kill`
</details>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;9. The site should be running at the domain and your server should be working!

* Note: you may have to run `sudo chmod -R 755 housing` (change the "housing" to the path of your housing directory) for nginx to make the website work (and then maybe `sudo systemctl reload nginx` and `sudo systemctl restart nginx`)

### Help can be found at https://discord.gg/AQ4sDF6Mkz

## Roadmap / to-do list
- sorting by player count, cookie count, and recent
- searching players houses (https://api.hypixel.net/#tag/Housing/paths/~1v2~1housing~1houses/get)
- make houses clickable and you can get data from them (https://api.hypixel.net/#tag/Housing/paths/~1v2~1housing~1houses/get) - maybe set up a cookie history chart and player history chart etc.
- §k support
- make unicode characters in house names appear on the same line
- make site look a bit nicer

Commit message:

add house and houses to api

README.md, after:

# Info 🏠
This is a website that displays Hypixel Housing information using the Hypixel API.

* Official instance: https://housing.luckyc.dev

# Installation

1. Get a Hypixel API key from https://developer.hypixel.net/dashboard
2. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (tested on v20.12.2 & npm v10.9.2 but should work on latest)
3. Clone this repo (`git clone https://github.com/luckycdev/housing.git`)
4. Inside of the cloned repos directory (`cd housing`), enter the server directory (`cd server`)
5. Inside of the server directory, run `npm init -y`, and then `npm install`
6. If you are using nginx, create a file in your sites-enabled directory with whatever your domain is, and use [this](https://pastebin.com/raw/0kdcVTg7) __as a reference__ -- you will need to change the lines with comments -- for certs you can use `sudo cerbot --nginx` (tested on nginx ubuntu v1.18.0 & certbot v4.0.0 but should work on latest)
7. Rename the file called `.env.example` in the server directory to `.env`
8. Open the file called `.env` in the server directory. Inside of this file, put your API key found in step 1. (Example contents: `API_KEY=df9sd6f798sd-sdfyse87f6sd-sd89f6sd9f-sd87f678sdf`)
9. To start the backend server, you will simply run `node server.js` inside of the server directory. I recommend you use something like screen to keep the server alive when you close out of your SSH.
<details>
<summary>screen tutorial</summary>

Install Screen `sudo apt install screen`
  
Create the screen `screen -S housing`

And then if you want to return to your screen, run `screen -r housing`

If you want to kill your screen, run `screen -X -S housing kill`
</details>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;9. The site should be running at the domain and your server should be working!

* Note: you may have to run `sudo chmod -R 755 housing` (change the "housing" to the path of your housing directory) for nginx to make the website work (and then maybe `sudo systemctl reload nginx` and `sudo systemctl restart nginx`)

### Help can be found at https://discord.gg/AQ4sDF6Mkz

## Roadmap / to-do list
- sorting by player count, cookie count, and recent
- add search bar and search by player name and maybe houses
- set up a cookie history chart and player history chart etc. for house info pages
- on the player info page you can click on the houses to see their info
- §k support
- make unicode characters in house names appear on the same line
- make site css look a bit nicer - also for the player and house pages (containers)
- save all houses from a user to a cache so when you go to the player it shows all of their houses - check if it still exists before it shows it and if not remove from cache - might need to raise safe rate limit
